EOV

License
============

Copyright (c) 2010, Jonathan Fischer
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

 - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

 - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the
   distribution.


 - Neither the name of Jonathan Fischer nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Introduction
============

EOV is a viewer for Egoboo game objects.  It was written mostly as a
refresher on Mac OS X programming.  It currently requires Mac OS X
10.5.  It *might* work on a PowerPC Mac, but I haven't tried it.

Building
============

EOV uses SDL_image to handle texture loading, so it requires both
SDL.framework and SDL_image.framework to be installed in
/Library/Frameworks to compile.

To build, simply open EOV.xcodeproj using Xcode and hit the Build
button.

Using
============

To open an Egoboo game object, either launch EOV and select Open from
the file menu or simply drag a .obj directory onto the application
icon.

There's no support for switching skins yet, sorry.

In the window that appears, you can drag the model around to view it
from a different angle.

To see animations, simply select any number of frames from the frame
list window.

You can open many different objects at a time; try it!
